The IBA                                               Pete Austin 
70 Brompton Road                                      5 Mendip Road 
London SW3 1EY                                        Bracknell 
                                                      Berks RG12 3XG 
                                                      15/12/88 

Dear Sirs, 

          I regret the lack of any reply to my letter of about 
13/11/88, complaining about Commodore's current tv adverts for their 
Amiga 500 computer.t used to produce the majority (or possibly 
   any) of the graphics shown in its advert." 

I requested the addition of a statement saying: 
"The graphics in this advert were not produced on an Amiga 500". 


An article in today's Guardian confirms my fears. Copy enclosed. The 
graphics were apparantly produced on the "Silicon Graphics IRIS real-
time animation computer", clearly quite a sophisticated machine as 
the budget is quoted as #170,000 (while an Amiga costs about #399).

I regret yourt used to produce the majority (or possibly 
   any) of the graphics shown in its advert." 

I requested the addition of a statement saying: 
"The graphics in this advert were not produced on an Amiga 500". 


An article in today's Guardian confirms my fears. Copy enclosed. The 
graphics were apparantly produced on the "Silicon Graphics IRIS real-
time animation computer", clearly quite a sophisticated machine as 
the budget is quoted as #170,000 (while an Amiga costs about #399).

I regret your delay in acting against the advert, as the Christmas 
selling period is now over, but I cannot conceive of a clearer case 
of misrepresentation and urge you to to get corrections published. 


If Commodore still claim that the Amiga 500 can do real-time graphics 
like those in the advert, I propose a test. 

I will bring along my Amiga 500; Commodore can bring along as many 
floppy disks of software as they like. 

We'll put this Amiga alongside a tv showing a video recording of the 
scene from the advert where about a dozen teddy bears dance about. 
And an independent judge chosen by the IBA can compare the animated 
scene from the video with that created on the Amiga. 

I bet Commodore UK #1,000 that the Amiga graphics do not have the 
speed and quality of those in their advert. 


        Yours faithfully,                Witnessed




              Pete Austin


PS: This is a serious and binding offer for the period up to June 
1989, hence the witness. When I win, I'd like the money to go to 
the Wishing Well appeal. 
